Video creator:

Create a program that receives a series of photos and/or videos from a user, referred to hereafter as visual media. All elements will include GPS data for processing; then, the program will work its magic and create a video with the following specifications:

The video will start with an AI generated image that shows the essence of the uploaded elements.
Next, all the elements will be displayed, ordered by date, while a voice describes them.
Finally, an image of a map (i.e. map of the world, country, state, etc) is shown indicating the location of the first and last element, along with an AI-generated inspirational phrase related to the places visited.
Requirements:

The first image is a unique AI generated image
All visual media must be scaled to fully cover a portrait frame
All visual media keep their original aspect ratio
All visual media are shown from oldest to newest
All visual media have an audio describing them
Your shall submit the AI API key as a comment in the Blackboard delivery.
TIP: You can use the Free Tier of Google AI Studio and Gemini API.
AI components:

Full audio description of the video
First image with the essence of the elements
Last image with Inspirational phrase related to the places visited
All other processing must be implemented programmatically without AI assistance.

Considerations:

The last image is a map pinpointing the first and last GPS location
The pinpoint of first and last must be different and recognizable
The last image includes AI generated text
The last image has an inspirational phrase
The last imageʼs text is based on the locations visited
The resulting video is using portrait mode
Coding principles:

Does it have unnecessary code?
Does it properly uses OOP?
Is the code reusable?
Is the code flexible?
Does it have bugs?
Is the code scalable?
Does it have documentation?
Is the code a huge mess or neat?
Self-evaluation (3 minute max video of yourself facing the camera with your
explanation of your solution)

Challenge Mode (x1.15):

The program uses a GUI.
The program shows a loading bar while doing its magic.
The program's GUI is intuitive.
All media submitted in this assigment must consider the following audio requirements:

Loudness under the Youtube standard (-16 and -14 LUFS)
True peak under mastering (-2 and -1 dBTP)
LRA under Youtube standard (5 and 10 LU).
